Update Licensing topic for 24.1 (#6350)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/Common/Licensing/05 Evaluation (Trial).md

Per the terms of the End User License Agreement (EULA), you are permitted to evaluate DevExtreme components [for 30-days](https://js.devexpress.com/Download/).

> During the 30-day trial period, an on-screen message and a [console warning](/concepts/Common/Licensing/25%20Validation.md '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validation') will note that you are using an unlicensed version of DevExtreme. To remove these messages and use DevExtreme components for production projects, you will need to purchase a commercial license. When you are ready to purchase a license and obtain your DevExtreme license key, please contact a member of the <a href="mailto: clientservices@devexpress.com">DevExpress Client Services Team</a> for assistance or visit the [DevExtreme Purchase](https://js.devexpress.com/Buy/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During the 30-day trial period, an on-screen message and [console warning](/concepts/Common/Licensing/25%20Validation.md '/Documentation/Guide/Common/Licensing/#Validation') shows that you are using an unlicensed version of DevExtreme. You need to purchase a commercial license to remove these messages and use DevExtreme components for production projects. When you are ready to purchase a license and obtain your DevExtreme license key, please contact a member of the <a href="mailto: clientservices@devexpress.com">DevExpress Client Services Team</a> for assistance or visit the [DevExtreme Purchase](https://js.devexpress.com/Buy/) page.
```
